Add 2021 AGM page (#486)
USRSE/usrse.github.io: _events/2021/2021-12-AGM.md

---
title: US-RSE Annual General Meeting 2021
subtitle: All Member US-RSE Event
location: Online via Zoom
expires: 2021-12-03
event_date: "December 3, 2021"
layout: event
repeated: false
---

The second US-RSE Association Annual General Meeting (AGM) will take place on Friday December 3, 2021 from 1-3pm ET.

#### Registration link
The AGM is open to all US-RSE members.

> Prior registration will be required and must match the email address on file with US-RSE. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Members must register in advance and must use the email address that matches their address on file with US-RSE. 
```

Registration links will be circulated via the US-RSE mailing list and in the US-RSE slack workspace in November.

Not a member yet? [Join](https://us-rse.org/join/) now!

#### Preliminary Agenda

1. **State of the US-RSE Association:** A year in review and plans for 2022
1. **Steering Committee Candidate Statements and Q&A**
1. **TBD**

This page will be updated and a finalized agenda will be circulated prior to the meeting.

> If you have questions or would like to contribute to AGM planning process or have suggestions of discussion topics please contact contact@us-rse.org or reach out via [slack](https://usrse.slack.com/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have questions or would like to contribute to the AGM planning process or have suggestions of discussion topics please contact contact@us-rse.org or reach out via [slack](https://usrse.slack.com/).
```
